docs: Add Dashboard docs on source maps (#12220)
serverless/serverless: docs/guides/dashboard/monitoring/sdk/nodejs.md

const serverlessSdk = require('@serverless/sdk');
```

### Setting up Source Maps

Source maps are files that map code between the original source code and its
transformed or compiled version. When code is minified, transpiled, or bundled,
with popular tools like TypeScript, ESBuild, or Babel, it often becomes
difficult to read the transpiled code, and therefore the stack traces in Errors.

Serverless Framework Dashboard supports capturing errors using Source Maps, but
a few steps are required to generate the Source Map files, include them in the
package, and configure Node to use them with captured Errors in the Serverless
SDK.

> If you are on a version of the Serverless Framework prior to 3.35.3, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on a version of the Serverless Framework prior to 3.36.0, you will
```

need to remove the Dashboard SDK Wrapper by setting `disableWrapping`. More
details about wrapping are in the [Upgrade to V2 guide](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/guides/dashboard/upgrade-to-v2#remove-dashboard-sdk-wrapping-optional).

```yaml
custom:
  enterprise:
    disableWrapping: true
```

#### Generate the source map files

You will need to configure your transpiler/bundler to generate the Source Map
files (`.js.map`). We recommend using the [serverless-esbuild](https://www.serverless.com/plugins/serverless-esbuild)
Serverless Plugin to add support for ESBuild. Once you add the plugin, add the
`sourcemap` configuration option in `serverless.yml`.

```yaml
plugins:
  - serverless-esbuild

custom:
  esbuild:
    bundle: true
    minify: true
    sourcemap: true
```

#### Package the Source Map files

In the Serverless Framework, by default, all files and directories in your
service directory, including the generated `.js.map` files, get packaged except
for those specified in `.gitignore` and `.npmignore`. If you use

> `package.include` or `package.explude` in the `serverless.yml`, then ensure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`package.include` or `package.exclude` in the `serverless.yml`, then ensure that
```

Serverless Plugin to add support for ESBuild. Once you add the plugin, add the
`sourcemap` configuration option in `serverless.yml`.

```yaml
custom:
  esbuild:
    sourcemap: true
```

#### Package the map files

In the Serverless Framework, by default, all files and directories in your
service directory, including the generated `.map` files, get packaged except
for those specified in `.gitignore` and `.npmignore`. If you use
`package.include` or `package.explude` in the `serverless.yml`, then ensure that
`*.js.map` files are included.

### Configure Node to use the Source Maps

Node 14+ natively supports Source Maps in Error objects by modifying the stack
trace handler. To use this feature you must pass the `--enable-source-maps`
CLI option to `node`. You can do this in your `serverless.yml` by setting the
`NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable.

```yaml
provider:
  environment:
    NODE_OPTIONS: --enable-source-maps
```

**Note**: This Node.js feature is experimental and may be subject to change. As
an alterative you can use the [source-maps package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/source-map).

> 

Reviewer: <img width="706" alt="image" src="https://github.com/serverless/serverless/assets/23511767/e1a91c58-01f9-47c1-8768-332843518705">
This is not an experimental feature, it is stable since version 14.18.0 https://nodejs.dev/en/api/v18/cli#--enable-source-maps 👍
